# Case-Study - Google-analytics
This is a case study I completed as part of the "google analytics"-course. With this analysis I will help to guide the 
marketing strategy for the company. 

About the company:

Bellabeat is a high-tech company that manufactures health-focused smart products. One of the
founders, Urška Sršen, used her background as an artist to develop beautifully designed technology 
that informs and inspires women around the world. Collecting data on activity, sleep, stress and reproductive 
health has allowed Bellabeat to empower women with knowledge about their own health and habits. 
Since it was founded in 2013, Bellabeat has grown rapidly and quickly positioned itself as a 
tech-driven wellness company for women


Which dataset will be used for the analysis?
- The data source used for this case study is called "FitBit Fitness Tracker Data". 
- This dataset is stored in Kaggle and was made available through Mobius.
- As it is suggested by google analytics and is free to download in Kaggle it is guaranteed
  that the data is open-source and can be used without hesitation for statistical analyses.
- These datasets were generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk 
  between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker 
  data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. 
  Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual 
  tracking behaviors/preferences.
